I want to fully transition from the dollar references to a point pool. I do want to show the point to currency conversion at the top of the child's display so they can see the value of what they have achieved, but I want the chores and positive and negative feedback to all reference points. By default a point will be worth a dollar, however that is a setting that can already be set in the parent dashboard. So if a child has 10 points and the parent has set the value to .5 then on the child dashboard it would show that the 10 points is = $5.00. to be clear I do want the child to see how much value their points are worth but otherwise I want all chores and feedback to reference points. I want the parent to be able to assign or remove points in hundredths. so the smallest point that can be assigned or removed is .01 or one penny (if the user has the default settings)

On the child dashboard we need to have a place where they can see their feedback. by default it should show the feedback for the day, however I would like them to be able to select a filter that shows it for the week, month and even all time.

also, if the parent sends feedback I'd like to show a notification on the child's side so that they can get alerts. I'm not sure what needs to be done to accomplish that and may require me to develope the mobile app, if so we can defer that to later. right now i have it set to use PWA. 

I'd also like to ensure that we are calculating everything correctly and clearly. Their should be a total pool of points that shows how much the child has accrued, I'd like to have an option to "bank" that which essentially means that if the child has 100 points and they "bank" it - then they send a requewst, it removes the 100 points and then the parent adds that money to their bank account or whatever they use. I'd like to keep a running ledger so that the child can see how much money they have earned over time, but we need to be clear about transitioning points from what they have earned into what they have banked.

I'd also like to make sure we have clear visibility as to how much the current chores would earn, how much has been earned, and how much is outstanding.

I'd like to have a similar section in the parent dashboard so that they can see how much money they are committing to each week.

next I'd like to ensure that we are tracking completion. If a child has a required chore on a specific date and they don't do it, i want them to be able to have an option to submit that it was not completed - and then they can put a reason. For example, let's say that on Monday I have a chore for my son to pick up poop outside in the yard, but there is a really bad storm. In that scenario perhaps he can't pick up poop, so he would submit that he didn't do it and then as a parent I have a few options. I could accept that he didn't do it and excuse the chore for the day. I could deny that he didn't do it and mark it as incomplete and then if incomplete I could decide if there is a deduction for not doing it. Or I could accept that he didn't do it and defer it to another day. Sometimes deferring doesn't work, for example if the child has to pick up poop in the yard on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and they don't do it on Tuesday then deferring it to Wednesday doesn't make sense as it's already on their list of chores - but there are scenarios where it does make sense so I'd like to have that option.

Last I'd like to be able to rate a chore. By default if it's accepted it's assumed it was done and done well. HOwever, let's say that I ask my son to pick up poop in the yard and he only picks up half of it then I'd like to be able to accept it and give him partial credit. Though there are some tasks that need to be done 100%, and if they aren't I want the ability to deduct a point. In other words if I say he needs to brush his teeth and he does a poor job I want to be able to say that he loses a point or something like that, basically an easy way to rate the chore execution.

Also the chorbie assistnat needs to be cleaned up as there are a ton of suggestions and other text around the input box and it makes it hard to read and interact. if you chat with chorbie then the responses are in a window that is so small that the user can barely see. for now this is being used on mobile devices via PWA for the most part so I'd like to just have the chorbie window and a prompt that says "ask Chorbie" or someting simple, and if the child engages then expand the window so it's easy to read